Add steps for setting up new translations on Weblate (#1195)
mattermost/mattermost-handbook: contributors/join-us/localization.md

- *Source code repository* should be set to the GitHub repository where the translation files are stored.
- *Repository branch* should be set to the primary branch where translations should get merged into (usually either `master` or `main`).

When you select **Continue**, Weblate will attempt to scan the repository to find any existing translation files paths. You can now select the one you'd like to cover with this component.

Uncheck *Edit base file* as it will prevent contributors from modifying the default language file and prevent potential conflicts.

![image](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/1832946/227040250-2dec9c1e-da44-41b4-ae12-2ebe3f85681d.png)

Set *Translation flags* to `ignore-inconsistent, ignore-same, icu-message-format`.

![image](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/1832946/227045392-ca3640bd-d0c1-48d2-86ee-657b40e068b2.png)

### Step 3 - Repository hooks

Repository hooks (usually GitHub hooks) are needed to keep the translation files on Weblate in sync with the ones commited to the project repository. 

![image](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/1832946/227048773-db198f4b-4f73-4e20-a89c-a1b8492bf0df.png)

> You can create a ticket for the Release team if you need Admin permissions on the repository.

Reviewer: Just to note I am not sure they are allowed to give you admin permissions so it's more likely they will enable the hooks for you instead. Result is the same in this context as it's a one time setup anyway. Maybe @spirosoik can confirm what's the best approach here.

Reviewer 2: Agree with Claudio we are trying to keep “least privilege" basis to ensure that roles have the minimum permissions required and are periodically re-evaluated

2. Select a component on the resulting page, then select **Tools > Start new translation**. 
3. Select the languages you want to add, then **Start new translation**.
4. Repeat step 2 for every component within the [https://translate.mattermost.com/projects/i18n-wip](https://translate.mattermost.com/projects/i18n-wip) project.

## Setting up new translations on Weblate

### Step 0 - Permissions

> Register an account and get admin permissions to the [Weblate server](https://translate.mattermost.com/).

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
Register an account and request admin permissions to the [Weblate server](https://translate.mattermost.com/) from Carrie Warner or Tom De Moor.
```

> ### Step 1 -  Create a new Project (optional)

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
### Step 1 - Create a new Project (optional)
```

> This step makes since if the project has its own repository (e.g. Calls) or if it's helpful to have a separate translation entry point. Other option is to simply skip this step and to add a new component to an existing project.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
This step makes sense when the project has its own repository (e.g. Calls) or if it's helpful to have a separate translation entry point. Another option is to simply skip this step, and add a new component to an existing project.
```

**Note**

> Make sure to enable reviews for the project. Go to project settings, workflow tab and select enable reviews:

Reviewer 3: This note may read better if both the note prefix and the note body are together on the same line.

> Make sure to enable reviews for the project. Go to project settings, workflow tab and select enable reviews:

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
Make sure to enable reviews for the project. In Weblate, go to **Project Settings**, select the **Workflow** tab, and select **Enable Reviews**:
```

![image](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/1832946/227036224-cb42bbd5-f101-4d42-b18d-fe5d8f3f44c4.png)

> ### Step 2 Add component(s)

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
### Step 2 - Add component(s)
```

> Add a new component under the project

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
Add a new component under the project.
```

![image](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/1832946/227037904-2165a769-0d6d-4b4e-8b6e-2260c2061d60.png)

> Base configuration should be like the following:

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
Base configuration should look as follows:
```

> - *Version control system* should be set to *Github pull request*

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
- *Version control system* should be set to *Github pull request*.
```

> - *Source code repository* should be set to the GitHub repository where the translation files are stored

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
- *Source code repository* should be set to the GitHub repository where the translation files are stored.
```

- *Repository branch* should be set to the primary branch where translations should get merged into (usually either `master` or `main`).

> Upon clicking on continue, Weblate will attempt to scan the repository to find any existing translation files paths. You can now select the one you'd like to cover with this component.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
When you select **Continue**, Weblate will attempt to scan the repository to find any existing translation files paths. You can now select the one you'd like to cover with this component.
```

Uncheck *Edit base file* as it will prevent contributors from modifying the default language file and prevent potential conflicts.

![image](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/1832946/227040250-2dec9c1e-da44-41b4-ae12-2ebe3f85681d.png)

> Set *Translation flags* to `ignore-inconsistent, ignore-same, icu-message-format`

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
Set *Translation flags* to `ignore-inconsistent, ignore-same, icu-message-format`.
```
